Clarified roles versus permissions usage (#3889)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/cloud-remote-access/setting-up-cloud-remote-access-bundle/endpoints.md

3. Follow the descriptions below for the protocol-specific settings.

{{< c8y-admon-info >}}

> To be able to configure an endpoint, you need ADMIN permission for "Remote access" and "Device control". To read data, a READ permission is sufficient. For more information on permissions, refer to [Managing permissions and roles](/standard-tenant/managing-permissions/).

Reviewer: Just to consider incl. "Your role must include" here as well 

```suggestion
To be able to configure an endpoint, you must have a role that includes ADMIN permission for "Remote access" and "Device control". To read data, READ permission is sufficient. For more information on permissions, refer to [Managing permissions and roles](/standard-tenant/managing-permissions/).
```
